Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/marybees/pen/MWKVBWe?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language and is used to create web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes give additional information about HTML elements. Attributes are always specified in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The most important header that should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata, including character set, styles and scripts.

    7. What is an id? 
    An attribute that specifies a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Navigation elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once

    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an element. It is primarily used to point to a class in a style sheet.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Include a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute gives alternative information for an image if a user cannot see it.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag defines sections in a doc like headers and footers, while the div tag defines a division or section within the HTML itself.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is used for describing how HTML elements should display on a screen.

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    In CSS:
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is unique and cannot be changed, whereas a class can. You might use an id to denote the footer. You could could use a class to specify a section of the HTML that needs specific formatting, like a gallery of images.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className {

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child (>) selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. It only looks one level down the markup structure. It would be useful when looking to specifically format a nested list, as an example.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state. For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps track changes and assists with team collaboration.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1.) Fork the repo in GitHub
        2.) Add your TL as a collaborator in GitHub
        3.) Clone your repo by copying the HTTPS link in GitHub 
        4.) Open your CLI and cd into the location where you want to store your repo
        5.) In your CLI: git clone and paste in your copied HTTPS link from github
        6.) In your CLI: cd into the newly created repo
        7.) In your CLI: git checkout -b "firstname-lastname" to create a branch
        8.) Work on your repo in VSCode
        9.) In your CLI: Commit (save) changes by typing git add .
        10.) In your CLI: git commit -m "precise commit message"
        11.) In your CLI: Push changes back up to the GitHub repo by  typing git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"
        12.) In GitHub: Submit a pull request (PR), by selecting your "firstname-lastname" branch and clicking New Pull request
        13.) In GitHub: Once on the PR page, select base repository dropdown and change to the forked repo
        14.) In GitHub: Add your TL to the Reviewers and submit the pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin. Block elements, on the other hand, typically add a line break (although this can be changed in CSS).

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An element positioned absolutely is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    The box model

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    -Display block by default: <div>, <address>, <form>
    -Display inline by default: <a>, <br>
    -Display inline-block by default: <button>
    

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    Boxes that wrap around HTML elements, with parts including margins, borders, padding, and content. The fix would be CSS Flexbox.